[DSS-274] Customize storybook (#18)
Kajabi/sage: libs/core/src/stories/Contributing.stories.mdx

> 

Reviewer: Let's rework this document to be more development focused for now.

import { Meta, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs';

<Meta title="Resources/Contributing to Sage"  parameters={{ previewTabs: { canvas: { hidden: true }, } }} />

# How to work with Sage

> Guidelines on how to engage with the Sage team, when to work with us, and how to contribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Guidelines on engaging with the Design System team, when to work with us, and how to contribute.
```

> **Team Charters**

Reviewer: Private documentation - let's remove this.

## Support you can expect from the team
We are always happy to help answer questions regarding Sage component design and usage, design system best practices, accessibility, icons,colors, and more. If it’s part of Sage, we’re here to help! If it’s outside of the realm of our design system, we’ll try our best to answer and/or point you to the person who can help.

## Resources, Slack, and meetings
### Jira and confluence
If you’re curious what we’re working on, you can check out our [Sage Design Board](https://kajabi.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/DS/boards/205) or the [Design Systems Services Board](https://kajabi.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/DSS/boards/216).

To see the bigger picture, you can view [our roadmap](https://kajabi.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/DSS/boards/216/roadmap) and priorities for each quarter. These priorities are determined through partnership meetings, which we use to learn about component needs and coordinate with designers to determine timelines.

### Slack channels

> Before reaching out, take a look at [our documentation](https://sage-design-system.kajabi.com/pages/index) to see if it answers your question, because it will likely get you the fastest answer. Still need help? Try searching Slack for your question, and then feel free to ask if your question hasn’t been answered in the past.

Reviewer 2: the old URL for documentation here: https://sage.kajabi.com is correct now.

[#sage-support](https://app.slack.com/client/T026K7YCY/C01A424HY8Y) is for Sage-focused questions.
[#sage-design-system](https://app.slack.com/client/T026K7YCY/C046HHS5KTN) is for all Sage-focused discussion.

### Meetings and events [TBD]
We are exploring offering new types of meetings for the community to bring questions, comments, ideas, and feedback:

**Office Hours — Every Tue/Thur [TBD]**
- **Purpose**
For product designers seeking feedback on their usage of design systems and visual language. This is also a great time to propose new components or component changes.
- **Audience**
Primarily designers, though engineers and product managers are welcome if there are technical or strategic concerns as well.
- **Cadence**

> Twice a week on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Please sign up for a half-hour slot with your discussion topic.

Reviewer 3: Lets pull this out...This feels more like for internal use only.

Reviewer 3: Should we remove this as it feels like this is meant and targeted for Internal Use only?

cc: @monicawheeler
